c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\bin\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.exe.config
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\bin\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.exe
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\bin\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.pdb
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmCauHinh.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.exe
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.pdb
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmDangNhap.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmMenu.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmBan.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmHang.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmNhanVien.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmDangKy.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInBan.resources
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
c:\users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInHang.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmChiTietHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmTimBanChuaThanhToan.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmTimBanTrong.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmThongKeTheoNgay.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInThongKeTheoNgay.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmThongKeTheoThang.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInThongKeTheoThang.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmThongKeTheoNam.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInThongKeTheoNam.resources
C:\Users\nguye\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInHoaDonBanHang.resources
C:\Users\nguye\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\QuanLyCafe_ADO\QuanLyCafe_ADO\obj\Debug\QuanLyCafe_ADO.frmInHoaDonBanHangCrystal.resources
